In most cases what I've taught you so far about array destructuring is all you're really going to need.
But there's another cool thing that you can do that I want to show you.
You can actually swap out values by using this destructuring syntax which is some pretty common with
things like for example sorting algorithms so what do I mean by swapping values.
Well let's say we have two variables we'll have a which is equal to 1 and B which is equal to 2.
Now let's say I want to swap these so that way a equals two equals one.
Wed typically have to do it if I was inside of E.S. 5 is that have to create a temporary variable and
I'll just go ahead and Tyrel this yes.
5 And then what I do is first I'd save a reference to B sides Tim equal to B then after that I could
override the value.
So in this case what I want to do now is since I've saved my value I can set be equal to A and then
after that I can set a equal to temp then if I cancel that log and b it should be 2 and 1.
And then if I canceled out log before I made the swap it'll show 1 and 2.
So we swapped them out or we have to do with say B.
Then we can override it and then we can set a equal to whatever we saved in the temporary variable.
All of this is very unnecessary.
Instead of year 6 instead well you can do is I'm going to title this ESX 6.
I cannot write today.
There we go.
So what I can do instead is I'll do let C equals 1 and then d equals 2.
No temporary variable in this case.
I'm just going to do DC inside of this array literal syntax and then see the inside of the array.
Now if I do a concert or log of them both before and after like so pop down you're going to see it prints
out 1 2 and then 2 1 so we accomplish the exact same thing.
How do we do it.
Well what we did is we took these variables and created a temporary array literal then we use the array
destructuring syntax to pull out these values into variables according to their position.
So we're pulling out the value of c and assigning it to the value to the variable d..
Same thing with C and D here.
We're pulling out the value of D and assigning it to the variable c and the destructuring is happening
on this temporary array that we created.